today a friend of mine found his TV and
the dumpster and that appeared to have
nothing wrong with the digital board
what a power supply this is it's a small
size of a power supply and you got your
inverter board for your lights your
t-con board up here the only thing that
could find one with it other than being
a dumpster it's this and I'll see you in
the next video
okay there flipped it over same TV it's
SCEP T or e I'm not sure I just
pronounce that but they have apparently
I'm guessing that's from a Wii
controller you see it better you see all
the cracks
they didn't I've never seen a dent like
that before but it's just spider cracks
all over the place up here it's cracked
clear over here so you're probably
thinking well that's great it kind of
broken TV you can't fix that and you're
right I can't
that can take and sell these boards
maybe probably make $200 off of it
because I can't find this TV on eBay and
if you're the only one that's got this
TV board on eBay and set the price
whatever you want
I've never seen anything quite like
no power it on see what it does and it's
what the TV looks like nice nice shirt
they actually had a problem with it the
broken thing or if it's because it has
this thing here's scrolling on it back
and forth
you got some damage with these lines
like I said I'm not sure if that's
because of his TV with the board
hopefully it's just for getting the TV
then I could take content around throw
the boards that's pretty cool so you get
a broken TV turn around sell the parts
out of it that's all you can do
thanks for watching we'll see you next
time